Hi guys, in this tuto
like this okay
rockus
mountains
this mountain
okay let's go
okay first thing first go to games third
person as template select set project
name mountain landscape
or volcanic mountain landscape. Okay,
first thing first, go here to file, new
level, select empty level.
Go to selection mode, landscape. I want
to choose existing height map for this.
Select import from file, hide mode file.
Select my existing height map.
Okay, before you import it, we have to
go here
for the set access
50.
Hit import.
Now go to window environment light
mixer. Enable all of those. And finally,
let's go here. Polometric fog.
Make it to true.
Now let's import the material.
Let's set the speed camera here like
this.
Okay.
To import the material, we have to go
here to the fab
and search for MW landscape.
Select MW more filter. Set price to
free.
MW landscape auto material. I want to
use this auto material for my landcape.
Add to my project.
Okay, fine. The downloading is finished.
Let's go here and go to selection mode.
Set current level. Save it.
Let's go here to the content MW
landscape auto material. Go to the
material and skip. I want to choose
amount of landscape.
Okay, let's choose this one.
Select landscape.
Select this one. Once is selected, let's
go down here and press this button.
Okay, fine. It's created.
This is my mountain.
Okay. Thank you guys for watching this
all for this tutorial.